are you still at that base yeah dude I'm
still at the airfield I just picked up a
silenced gun with a Arco scope a laser
pointer and a grenade launcher like it's
fully kitted out oh my god oh oh fuck
yeah fuck yeah like a buzz each other's
shit I was like literally just fucking
standing on top of this quad bike no
this is
oh this is fucking tool is you know this
gave us an alpha when this shit happens
alright so you're like
okay don't don't look at the compass
while you're careening down the mountain
standing up on the club bike like a
pause
oh good spike physics yeah yeah all
enough you're in the gun store
this is epic it's fucking your chariot
has arrived get in get in
Evan get it I have meds we can boost and
we can hold hands is the guy talked me
into it
Oh sniff my eyes
this is wicked Baz haters gonna fuck
haters gonna fuckin just fuckin
backslash sunglasses backs let's deal
with it is that a moving vehicle
I can't tell cuz I'm so hurt I probably
look robbed driving get off the road
take a left into these three
here